Generating ssh-key in runtime (#3)
manuel-g-castro/slurm-openssh-container: README.md

> Generate a public-private pair key to configure the passwordless connection to the 

Reviewer: This whole section is deprecated with your changes!

Author: I thought about making it as an optional step but then I decided not to and remove it, and forgot about it will do it right away

mgimenez@bsces107930 ~ % docker container ls
CONTAINER ID   IMAGE                               COMMAND                  CREATED          STATUS          PORTS                                       NAMES
ece3a5b0b6fe   autosubmit/slurm-openssh:${SLURM_VERSION}    "/tini -- /usr/local…"   21 minutes ago   Up 21 minutes   0.0.0.0:2222->2222/tcp, :::2222->2222/tcp   zen_booth

```

## Copying ssh key from container to local

In order to gain access to the container and get the sshkey you need to copy the randomly generated key to your local

```bash

> mgimenez@bsces107930 ~ % docker cp <CONTAINER NAME>:container_root_pubkey ~/.ssh/container_root_pubkey

Reviewer: ```suggestion
mgimenez@bsces107930 ~ % docker cp <CONTAINER NAME>:/root/.ssh/container_root_pubkey ~/.ssh/container_root_pubkey
```

Successfully copied 4.61kB to ~/.ssh/container_root_pubkey
mgimenez@bsces107930 ~ % docker cp <CONTAINER NAME>:container_root_pubkey.pub ~/.ssh/container_root_pubkey.pub

> Successfully copied 2.56kB to ~/.ssh/container_root_pubkey.pub

Reviewer: This is duplicated, no?

ece3a5b0b6fe   autosubmit/slurm-openssh:${SLURM_VERSION}    "/tini -- /usr/local…"   21 minutes ago   Up 21 minutes   0.0.0.0:2222->2222/tcp, :::2222->2222/tcp   zen_booth
```

## Copying ssh key from container to local

> In order to gain access to the container and get the sshkey you need to copy the randomly generated key to your local

Reviewer: I would clarify this. Something like

```suggestion
Run the following command to retrieve the build-time generated ssh key to access the container through ssh.
```
